# CS-210

This is a collection of the assignments I completed in this class. There are many others but I believe that these best showcase my growth.
    
My first project was to design a clock in 12 hour and 24 hour format that would display at the same time and be adjustable by the user. I believe that I completed the functional requirements of the program very well but could have made it a bit more graphically pleasing. An issue that I faced with this project was not knowing how to initialize my clock to the current time at first but this is where my research skills came into play. I was able to lookup how to do it and easily implemented it into my code. The ability to research is important in any type of industry so it is an invaluable skill to have. I maid this program maintainable and readable by using easy to identify variable names and also using in line comments to describe what my code was doing.

My next project was to design an interest calculator for a banking app that allowed you to input monthly deposits, your intitial deposit, annual interest rate, and any recurring monthly deposits then calculate your ending balance after a period of time. Again, I believe that I did the functional requirements of this project pretty well but could have done better on the overall presentation. This was my first time using classes so it was a learning experience for me to see how exactly everything interacts but by the end of it I was confident in my abilities. I also joined a group of other Computer Science students so I found a support group of fellow developers that I can go to with questions if necessary. The whole object oriented programming design will be useful as I continue my Computer Science journey. I used the standards of the company in naming my variables such as m_ for member variables and t_ for function parameters while also using in-line comments to describe everything going on so it is maintainable.

My final project was to design a program combining C++ and Python to read a list of grocery items purchased in a day and and analyze it to output how many of each item was bought or be able to search for a particular item. I also made it able to display a histogram of the items. I believe I did an excellent job on this project overall. It taught me how to manipulate files and create files while combining 2 languages to do it. The hardest part was figuring out how exactly to sort all the items and count them up but because we combined languages and python already has a library for it, this actually became quite easy. It just took a little researching skills. Again, I practiced using in line comments and specific naming practices to make my code readable and maintainable.
